have done well source, it is all very promising
they are very worried about it
big round in the netherlands will only the second time worked out well
the water
just like recently with a few cents but then you also have what you eat and
does not apply
and then you go
the market after how shopping plus bus
people look of course yes it is easier
kurt russell european stock exchanges
well it is a facelift that is an increase in the number
victims that he
seat this fits very well with you
because it is impossible to split one of the pairs with booklets
and that rotten qua
yes there is also more sports
you
when the market becomes a real one again
and give a real modern party lift
MDM actually wins though derby can market especially the weather
return
the sign that the two things are going to do
but we go to
but the market is spicy redecorating and the second what we are going to do
to do
And that has more to do with the entrepreneurs is that the company has too much more
want to give space
is the new regulation
very cool
how should i say
you know where you can easily you are welcome you can go through whatever you like
can expect if you have certain reimbursement
I really want to be on stage again
yes it was a bit of the same
and then you can go to the presentation of the World Cup final of months away
realistic regulations because, as everyone knows, the waste will last twenty years
about everything
And that's a good thing is that always the first five to kick in the kick
the ground was that the first road would go, so they were announced today
it started the ioc
who behind the old on good grades must disappear the prohibition that he really
beautiful looking 4
I know that of course very hard work and regulations
if you do not have any children yet and are looking into whether something has been built up in it
to go that you never really really nice it also goes up
I buy myself now I can open according to o'leary
I think that child into the world
the city of tomorrow to become the knowledge and in firm
we are no better than it was just for invited guests and I have me
then
cards the nfl cup is a whole week later first received
they have to go through the sour apple for the first time
of course it must always be a mess before it
a little worry
if we've been watching for fourteen years and I hope so
actually that there is much faster
maybe two or two years from two years from now
yes but you just come back on the market here
then you again have a multitude of great opportunities
but at least it's a place to look when you think about what you think
that's how it is in this time
It looks good
the beauty
It is clear
it is safe and it is really a pleasure to come true aftertaste
because that is what we want
not just a market for the neighborhood
but Marc van Heel the Hague is even stronger
for the whole of the Netherlands
OK
the